So what are the prerequisites for this course?
A basic understanding of the Spring framework is required.
Knowledge of Spring MVC is useful, but not essential.
If you're planning to use the demos, then setting up Lombok would be recommended.
Other requirements, a minimum of Java 8,
Maven 3 if you plan to build the demos,
and I'll be using Spring Tool Suite 3.9 in my demos.
If you're already familiar with Lombok, then please feel free to skip this part.
Lombok is a Java library that automatically plugs
into your editor and build tools.
It helps to speed up development by taking care of
a lot of the boilerplate code, like constructors,
getters, setters, equal and hash code,
and much more so that you can focus on the important parts of the application,
like the business and security aspects.
Once you Lombok, you can't go back.
You can find more information about Lombok on their website and also the installation instructions at the following URL.